Touch up external tests harness (#1997)
gbdev/rgbds: docs/ARCHITECTURE.md

    Script used to run the Bison parser generator with the latest flags that the user's version supports.
- **`test/`:**  
  Testing framework used to verify that changes to the code don't break or modify the behavior of RGBDS.
  The `test.sh` scripts inside each of the subdirectories are the individual test drivers.
  * **`run-tests.sh`:**  
    Script used to run tests, including internal test cases and external repositories. `run-tests.sh --help` describes its options.

>   * **`external/`:**

Reviewer: All the file/dir headings use Markdown's two ending spaces to be on their own line.
```suggestion
  * **`external/`:**  
```

>     Directory for third-party repos using RGBDS, which get checked out alongside some support files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Directory for third-party repos built using RGBDS, which get cloned here and built during testing.
```

    - **`fetch-repos.sh`:**  

>       Script used to fetch dependencies for building external repositories. `fetch-repos.sh --help` describes its options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Script used to clone the external repositories. `fetch-repos.sh --help` describes its options.
```

>     - **`*.cfg`:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **`*.cfg`:**  
```

>       Each `.cfg` file describes one subproject.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Each `.cfg` file defines the parameters to clone, build, and verify an external repository.
```
